FAST FL0YD Visualizer - MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Anton Hoyer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


CONDITIONS

When using the FAST FL0YD Visualizer, you must acknowledge its use by
mentioning: "FAST FL0YD Visualizer by Anton Hoyer [https://antonhoyer.com]".

The source code of the FAST FL0YD Visualizer is publicly available and can be
accessed at [https://github.com/imperfektionist/fast-fl0yd].

Please acknowledge the use of Processing [https://processing.org] and FFmpeg
[https://ffmpeg.org].


ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Timekeeper: Song by Lars-Ole Kremer [https://larsolekremer.com/], all
rights reserved to him.

Processing: An open-source graphical library and integrated development
environment (IDE) for the electronic arts, new media art, and visual design
communities. [https://processing.org]

Video Export by Hamoid (Abe Pazos): A Processing library that enables video
export capabilities. [https://funprogramming.org/VideoExport-for-Processing/]

Sound by Processing: A library for audio playback and sound analysis,
providing essential tools for audio visualization.
[https://processing.org/reference/libraries/sound/index.html]

FFmpeg: A powerful multimedia framework for handling video, audio, and other
multimedia files and streams. This tool is used for video processing and
export. [https://ffmpeg.org]

JFrame: Part of the Java Swing library, JFrame is used to create windows
for the graphical user interface. This is included in the Java Development
Kit (JDK).

Please note that the use of these packages is subject to their respective
licenses. Refer to the documentation for each library for specific licensing
details and attributions.
